Manage python type content (#2370)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_synchronizing-custom-python-repositories.adoc

[id="Synchronizing_{custompythonreposid}_{context}"]
= Synchronizing {custompythonrepostitle}

On {Project}, you can synchronize your {custompythonrepos} from any mirror and other {Project} instances.

> Your can view the python packages in the {ProjectWebUI} at *Content* > *Other Content Types*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the python packages in the {ProjectWebUI} at *Content* > *Other Content Types*.
```

Author: Applied.

. Select a {customproduct} by name.
. In the *Products* window, select the name of a product that you want to create a repository for.
. Click the *Repositories* tab, and then click *New Repository*.
. In the *Name* field, enter a name for the repository.
+
The *Label* field is populated automatically based on the name.
. From the *Type* list, select *python*.
. In the *Upstream URL* field, enter the URL for the upstream content source, for example `\https://pypi.org`.
. Optional: In the *Upstream Username* field, enter the user name for the upstream repository if required for authentication.
Clear this field if the repository does not require authentication.
. Optional: In the *Upstream Password* field, enter the corresponding password for the upstream repository.
Clear this field if the repository does not require authentication.
. Optional: In the *Upstream Authentication Token* field, provide the token of the upstream repository user for authentication.
Leave this field empty if the repository does not require authentication.
. Optional: In the *Excludes* field, enter a list of python packages separated by newlines to exclude from synchronizing to {Project}.

> . Optional: In the *Includes* field, enter a list of python packages separated by newlines to limit the synchronized packages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Optional: In the *Includes* field, enter a list of python packages separated by newlines to limit the synchronization only to the included packages.
```
To be more specific, if this is the case.

Author: Applied.
